Birth brother, what are your plans for coming back this time?
The house price has been distributed to the solidification tower.
My father has also been buried
I'll be back at the border in a few days
You have to leave so soon?
Light Snow
I am a Great Xia soldier
When it comes to defending the country
What's more, the West is still swearing to the heroes
I can't do nothing
Brother Zhu Cheng, no matter what you do
I support you
Xiaoxue, I want to accompany your brother well these days.
Don't move
Responsible for the mountain without tears
Who are you?
What are you doing tied to us?
We are all leaders in all walks of life
Are they trying to kidnap us for ransom?
How much do you want to release us?
Hahahahaha
Didn't you even get sent to Niguta?
You are wrong, I was sent to you.
Coco, I shouldn't have refused
I was forced to General Sedon
Saved Sedon
Westerners are
We have officially changed our citizenship
Become a Westerner
General Wang Saidong is not good to me
Why should we be able to work together in the building?
Hahaha buy national thief